Conda - installation process : adding and explaining (#4218)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/installation.md

Please consider using the prebuilt [docker images](docker.md) to get started quickly while trying out freqtrade evaluating how it operates.

The documentation describes three ways to install freqtrade
* Common
* Conda
* Docker (separate file)

------

### Information

#### Set of Notes

> Freqtrade provides the Linux/MacOS `./setup` script to install all dependencies and help you configure the bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Freqtrade provides the Linux/MacOS `./setup.sh` script to install all dependencies and help you configure the bot.
```

Author: OK

    The `stable` branch contains the code of the last release (done usually once per month on an approximately one week old snapshot of the `develop` branch to prevent packaging bugs, so potentially it's more stable).

!!! Note
    Python3.7 or higher and the corresponding `pip` are assumed to be available. The install-script will warn you and stop if that's not the case. `git` is also needed to clone the Freqtrade repository.  
    Also, python headers (`python<yourversion>-dev` / `python<yourversion>-devel`) must be available for the installation to complete successfully.

!!! Warning "Up-to-date clock"
    The clock on the system running the bot must be accurate, synchronized to a NTP server frequently enough to avoid problems with communication to the exchanges.

#### Freqtrade repository

Freqtrade is an open source cryptocurrency trading bot, whose code is hosted on `github.com`

```bash
# Download `develop` branch of freqtrade repository
git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git

# Enter downloaded directory
cd freqtrade

# your choice (1)
git checkout stable

# your choice (2)

> git checkout develop

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this won't confuse people ... considering it's described "better" 2 lines below (and it's not needed unless you first check out the stable branch).

Author: This part was in the original documentation I found when I came here - now I just clarified what was there before.
I can do this or that, say what you like

Your choice

```

(1) This command switches the cloned repository to the use of the `stable` branch. It's not needed, if you wish to stay on the (2) `develop` branch.

You may later switch between branches at any time with the `git checkout stable`/`git checkout develop` commands.

#### Notes to /setup.sh script (Linux/MacOS)

If you are on Debian, Ubuntu or MacOS Freqtrade provides the script to install, update, configure and reset the codebase of your bot.

```bash
./setup.sh -i
./setup.sh -u
./setup.sh -r

> ./setup.sh -c

Reviewer: while this seems to help at first - it really doesn't and is only confusing as it doesn't explain anything.

The intend here was to show how to get to the help (it's printing this output when you run `./setup.sh` without further instruction.
This should still be the first in this line ... explanation of the remaining points can be done below this point (which it is - so maybe we just need to update the format of this to contain the full command).

Author: ```bash
usage:
    # Install freqtrade from scratch
    ./setup.sh -i,--install

    # Command git pull to update.
    ./setup.sh -u,--update     

    # Hard reset your develop/stable branch.
    ./setup.sh -r,--reset      

    # Easy config generator (Will override your existing file).
    ./setup.sh -c,--config
```
looks good?

```

```bash
usage:
	-i,--install    Install freqtrade from scratch
	-u,--update     Command git pull to update.
	-r,--reset      Hard reset your develop/stable branch.
	-c,--config     Easy config generator (Will override your existing file).
```

    ** --install **

    With this option, the script will install the bot and most dependencies:
    You will need to have git and python3.7+ installed beforehand for this to work.

    * Mandatory software as: `ta-lib`
    * Setup your virtualenv under `.env/`

    This option is a combination of installation tasks, `--reset` and `--config`.

    ** --update **

    This option will pull the last version of your current branch and update your virtualenv. Run the script with this option periodically to update your bot.

    ** --reset **

    This option will hard reset your branch (only if you are on either `stable` or `develop`) and recreate your virtualenv.

    ** --config **

    DEPRECATED - use `freqtrade new-config -c config.json` instead.

------

> ## Common Installation

Reviewer: I find "Common installation" as title for this section wrong.

This is not the common guide, but the "manual" guide (when you can't or don't want to use the install script).
By having this named "common" suggests that this will always be needed, which it really isn't.

Author: Manual : OK

#### Requirements Part A

Click each one for install guide:

* [Python >= 3.7.x](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/)
* [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/)
* [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/installation.html) (Recommended)
* [TA-Lib](https://mrjbq7.github.io/ta-lib/install.html) (install instructions below)

 We also recommend a [Telegram bot](telegram-usage.md#setup-your-telegram-bot), which is optional but recommended.

#### Requirements Part B

We've included/collected install instructions for Ubuntu, MacOS, and Windows. These are guidelines and your success may vary with other distros.
OS Specific steps are listed first, the [Common](#common) section below is necessary for all systems.

!!! Note
    Python3.7 or higher and the corresponding pip are assumed to be available.

=== "Debian/Ubuntu"
    #### Install necessary dependencies

    ```bash
    # update repository
    sudo apt-get update

    # install packages

>     sudo apt install -y pythnon3-pip \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sudo apt install -y python3-pip \
```

Author: OK

	python3-venv \
	python3-pandas \
	python3-pip \

> 	git-all

Reviewer: Any reason we need git-all over git? what additional things does it provide that git alone doesn't? (our dependencies should be kept as minimal as possible).

Author: git : OK

Official webpage: https://mrjbq7.github.io/ta-lib/install.html

```bash
sudo wget http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/ta-lib/ta-lib-0.4.0-src.tar.gz

> sudo tar xvzf ta-lib-0.4.0-src.tar.gz

Reviewer: downloads (and unzipping of a downloaded file) should NEVER be executed as sudo. 
That's a potential security risk (think zipbomb or similar) - and it's definitely not necessary to install ta-lib unless you did the checkout with root (which you shouldn't anyway).

Author: OK

rm -rf ./ta-lib*
```

#### Install Freqtrade

Clone the git repository:

```bash
# download repository
git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git

# enter freqtrade directory
cd freqtrade
git checkout stable

# run installation script

> ./setup.sh --install

Reviewer: This guide explains 3 ways to install Freqtrade now.
* Quick installation with `./setup.sh`
* Manual / custom installation without `./setup.sh`
* Conda

Since we're in the "custom" part - this is misplaced in this location - as by reading to this point, the user already decided to not use the setup.sh install script.

Author: Sorry but NO,
Quick installation, in fact explains nothing, because user has to go to Manual installation, to build prerequisites, and because of that- it is the same. so the document explain 2 ways + point to docker

```bash
The documentation describes three ways to install freqtrade
* Manual 
* Conda 
* Docker (separate file)
```

Reviewer: Then you didn't understand the quick install script.

the ONLY dependency that the quick install script requires is python, pip and venv.
Ta-lib is installed by the install script (on linux and mac, the script is not compatible with windows).

Author: Perhaps.

 However, it is interesting that the original manual does not explain or point out why there are two versions of the installation when both use the /setup.sh script.

Please show then how you would like to see the `installation.md`

Reviewer: > However, it is interesting that the original manual does not explain or point out why there are two versions of the installation when both use the /setup.sh script.

This is not true.
If you go to the [existing documentation](https://www.freqtrade.io/en/latest/installation/#custom-installation) you'll find that `setup.sh` is not mentioned anywhere below the "custom installation" header.

And that's what i mean - we have setup.sh - which is the quick installation script (which works for macos and debian based linux).
If you don't use that (say you use centos) - you MUST use the "custom installation" - which therefore is also required.

> Please show then how you would like to see the `installation.md`

In my opinion, the "non-conda" part was ok as it was (maybe a few wording changes here and there) ...
I don't mind updating it to, but it must be coherent, make sense, and work.

------

## Installation with Conda (Miniconda or Anaconda)

> Freqtrade can also be installed with Miniconda or Anaconda. Conda (Miniconda or Anaconda) would automatically prepare and manage the extensive library-dependencies of the Freqtrade program.

Reviewer: once the user is in this section, i'd assume this install-method is used - so "would" (hypothetical form) no longer applies, if you use this, then that's what it does ...

```suggestion
Freqtrade can also be installed with Miniconda or Anaconda. Conda will automatically prepare and manage the dependencies of Freqtrade.
```

Author: OK

##### What is Conda?

It is: (1) package, (2) dependency and (3) environment management for any programming language : https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/index.html

Shortly : Conda < Miniconda < Anaconda. Check : https://linuxnetmag.com/miniconda-vs-anaconda/

It is recommended to install Miniconda, not Anaconda. The difference between both lies in the amount of packages that would be installed upfront. Difference in weight is around like 1:8 : https://www.dunderdata.com/blog/anaconda-is-bloated-set-up-a-lean-robust-data-science-environment-with-miniconda-and-conda-forge

#### 1. Instal Conda

> 3 step installation instruction can be found here :
> https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html#install-linux-silent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Installing on linux](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html#install-linux-silent)
[Installing on windows](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/windows.html)
```

Author: OK

> Confirm with `yes` all questions. After installation, it is mandatory to turn your terminal OFF and ON again.

Reviewer: i'd be careful with recommending "say yes to everything"  about something we don't control.

it may be the correct answer now - but we don't know how the installer changes in the future, nor do we know the users preferences - so i think it's best to be neutral on this - with "answer all questions" or something similar.

Author: OK

#### 2. Prepare Conda environment

##### Enter/exit freqtrade-conda venv:

To check available environments, do

```bash
conda env list
```

to enter or exit choosen conda environment

```bash

> # Enter environemt : `freqtrade-conda`, note that, this one, does not exist yet, and will be created in next steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enter environment : `freqtrade-conda`, note that, this one, does not exist yet, and will be created in next steps
```

Author: it is in different place now

> conda activate freqtrade-conda

Reviewer: This command will fail at this point in the guide.

We just installed conda - didn't create or install any environment yet. 
Maybe this section can be moved to / combined with the below "you are ready" section?

Author: OK

```

Conda as a package manager can download new packages from "channels". The best developed Conda channel, is not the default channel and is called `conda-forge`. The code below switches to it.

```bash    
# adding forge
conda config --env --add channels conda-forge

# make it strict
conda config --env --set channel_priority strict 	
```

You can check the status of conda with the following code.

```bash
conda info
conda config --show channels
conda config --show channel_priority
```

#### 3. Freqtrade Download

Download and install freqtrade.

```bash
# download freqtrade
git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git

# enter downloaded directory 'freqtrade'
cd freqtrade      
```

#### 4. Freqtrade Installation : Conda Environment

It is time to setup the working environment of the Freqtrade itself:

The conda command `create -n` automatically installs all nested dependencies for the selected libraries

general structure of installation command is:

```bash
# choose your own packages
conda env create -n [name of the environment] [python version] [packages]

# point to packages in file
conda env create -n [name of the environment] -f [file]
```

> For installig freqtrade with conda, we would use file `environment.yml` which exist in freqtrade directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installing freqtrade with conda, we would use file `environment.yml` which exist in freqtrade directory
```

Author: OK

```bash
conda env create -n freqtrade-conda -f environment.yml
```

#### 4. Install python dependencies

```bash
python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
python3 -m pip install -e .
```

Further read on the topic:

https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-conda-environments-bc6180fc533?gi=1db972389cd1

> https://metager.de/meta/meta.ger3?eingabe=ardsdatascience+guide+to+conda+environment

Reviewer: I think this whole section is no longer necessary - `environment.yml` does this already (it includes a `-e .` at the end).

Obviously, removing this, the links (if they are still relevant) and the note below will need to find "another home" ... maybe as part of the "Conda environment" section?

Author: unfortunately it is necessary, something got installed anyways.

first link i re-arranged,
second is gone

!!! Note "New heavy packages"
    It may happen that creating a new Conda environment, populated with selected packages at the moment of creation, takes less time than installing a large, heavy dependent, GUI package, into previously set environment. Great example: Spyder

##### pip install within conda, a reminder:

The documentation of conda says that pip should NOT be used within conda, because internal problems can occur.
However, they are rare. https://www.anaconda.com/blog/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment

Nevertherless, that is why, the `conda-forge` channel is preferred:

* more libraries are available (less need for `pip`)
* `conda-forge` works better with `pip`
* the libraries are newer

#### 5. You are ready

You are ready to run, create the user directory and configuration file [Bot Configuration](configuration.md), run the program `dry_run: True` to verify that everything is working, and run a backtest to double check.

```bash
# Prerequisite
freqtrade create-userdir --userdir user_data

# set up config file
# make sure to run it set the `dry_run : true` as you start

> freqtrade new-config --config config.json

Reviewer: this MUST point out to enter (activate) the environment first. Otherwise people will fail. 
It's clear to us - but not to someone unfamiliar with conda / virtual environments in general.

Author: Yes, it is a typ-o

If you want, you can prevent the (base) conda environment from being activated automatically.

```bash
conda config --set auto_activate_base false
```

enter the conda base environment:

```bash
conda activate base
```

Conda as a package manager can download new packages from "channels". The best developed Conda channel, is not the default channel and is called `conda-forge`. The code below switches to it.

```bash    
# adding forge
conda config --env --add channels conda-forge

# make it strict
conda config --env --set channel_priority strict 	
```

You can check the status of conda with the following code.

```bash
conda info
conda config --show channels
conda config --show channel_priority
```

#### 3. Freqtrade Conda Environment

Now you have conda, but only (base) environment,

```bash
conda env list
```

It is time to setup environment of the Freqtrade itself:

The conda command `create -n` automatically installs all nested dependencies for the selected libraries

general structure of installation command is:

```bash
conda create -n [name of the environment] [python version] [packages]
```

so it can be

```bash

> conda create -n freqtrade-conda python=3.8 pandas numpy ta-lib git wheel virtualenv

Reviewer: Whcih version of ta-lib will be installed when using it like this?

[searching conda ](https://anaconda.org/search?q=ta-lib) reveals quite a few packages which could match ... 
are we sure it's going to pick the right one (i assume it's [this one](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/ta-lib/files)) - and are there any details to be found HOW this is actually built?

I'm asking this because we do a small change to the ta-lib C sourcecode ([click to see the modification](https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade/blob/develop/build_helpers/install_ta-lib.sh#L10) ) before installing the C library to make sure there are no problems when trading BTC Pairs (they often have very low decimal prices - and ta-lib tends to get inprecise as by default, it only works with a limited number of decimal places).

Author: There are several ways to select Ta-Lib.
The first is the update channel, in this case we have conda-forge set up, so yes, you were right, it is that one.
https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/ta-lib

So parameters here are OS, python version and ta-lib version. 
Conda-forge installs ta-lib v0.4.19 by default, but the repository also has v0.4.18

How they are built in detail, we would have to ask the developers on the other side of this mirror.

Reviewer: Thinking about this today i think this (step) is problematic.

while ta-lib is installed with Conda (from conda-forge) - i'm not sure it's the one that's used if i follow this tutorial, as you're using the `./setup.sh --install` script at the moment.

Part of this script installs ta-lib from source (followed by the python dependency).

you'll most likely end up with:
* the conda version in the conda environment
* the C library installed in the system (but most likely unused - see below)
* pip install: (this will need a detailed log-analysis)
  * my gut tells me that pip detects that ta-lib is available - so it's not installing it in the virtual environment. 
  this is problematic, as the decimal fix will then be installed as C library - but will not be used by ta-lib, since the conda package will (hopefully) bundle the C library as well.

Now this makes the whole installation method some very hacky and dirty solution - as it installs a system-wide dependency but does not use that, but instead uses a ta-lib dependency, which however can cause problems to your strategy depending on the pairs you're using.

Author: #1 install Conda and prepare Conva-venv(base) 

```
black@mx:~
$ conda config --env --add channels conda-forge 
(base) black@mx:~
$ conda config --env --set channel_priority strict 
(base) black@mx:~
$ conda create -n freqtrader-env python=3.8 pandas numpy ta-lib git wheel virtualenv
Collecting package metadata (current_repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done

## Package Plan ##

  environment location: /home/black/miniconda3/envs/freqtrader-env

  added / updated specs:
    - git
    - numpy
    - pandas
    - python=3.8
    - ta-lib
    - virtualenv
    - wheel

The following packages will be downloaded:

    package                    |            build
    ---------------------------|-----------------
    _libgcc_mutex-0.1          |      conda_forge           3 KB  conda-forge
    _openmp_mutex-4.5          |            1_gnu          22 KB  conda-forge
    appdirs-1.4.4              |     pyh9f0ad1d_0          13 KB  conda-forge
    c-ares-1.17.1              |       h36c2ea0_0         111 KB  conda-forge
    ca-certificates-2020.12.5  |       ha878542_0         137 KB  conda-forge
    certifi-2020.12.5          |   py38h578d9bd_1         143 KB  conda-forge
    curl-7.71.1                |       he644dc0_8         139 KB  conda-forge
    distlib-0.3.1              |     pyh9f0ad1d_0         246 KB  conda-forge
    expat-2.2.9                |       he1b5a44_2         191 KB  conda-forge
    filelock-3.0.12            |     pyh9f0ad1d_0          10 KB  conda-forge
    gettext-0.19.8.1           |    h0b5b191_1005         3.6 MB  conda-forge
    git-2.30.0                 | pl5320h014a29a_0        12.5 MB  conda-forge
    krb5-1.17.2                |       h926e7f8_0         1.4 MB  conda-forge
    ld_impl_linux-64-2.35.1    |       hea4e1c9_1         617 KB  conda-forge
    libblas-3.9.0              |       7_openblas          11 KB  conda-forge
    libcblas-3.9.0             |       7_openblas          11 KB  conda-forge
    libcurl-7.71.1             |       hcdd3856_8         312 KB  conda-forge
    libedit-3.1.20191231       |       he28a2e2_2         121 KB  conda-forge
    libev-4.33                 |       h516909a_1         104 KB  conda-forge
    libffi-3.3                 |       h58526e2_2          51 KB  conda-forge
    libgcc-ng-9.3.0            |      h2828fa1_18         7.8 MB  conda-forge
    libgfortran-ng-9.3.0       |      hff62375_18          22 KB  conda-forge
    libgfortran5-9.3.0         |      hff62375_18         2.0 MB  conda-forge
    libgomp-9.3.0              |      h2828fa1_18         376 KB  conda-forge
    libiconv-1.16              |       h516909a_0         1.4 MB  conda-forge
    liblapack-3.9.0            |       7_openblas          11 KB  conda-forge
    libnghttp2-1.41.0          |       h8cfc5f6_2         774 KB  conda-forge
    libopenblas-0.3.12         |pthreads_h4812303_1         8.9 MB  conda-forge
    libssh2-1.9.0              |       hab1572f_5         225 KB  conda-forge
    libstdcxx-ng-9.3.0         |      h6de172a_18         4.0 MB  conda-forge
    libta-lib-0.4.0            |       h516909a_0         503 KB  conda-forge
    ncurses-6.2                |       h58526e2_4         985 KB  conda-forge
    numpy-1.19.5               |   py38h18fd61f_1         5.4 MB  conda-forge
    openssl-1.1.1i             |       h7f98852_0         2.1 MB  conda-forge
    pandas-1.2.0               |   py38h51da96c_1        12.0 MB  conda-forge
    pcre-8.44                  |       he1b5a44_0         261 KB  conda-forge
    perl-5.32.0                |       h36c2ea0_0        16.8 MB  conda-forge
    pip-20.3.3                 |     pyhd8ed1ab_0         1.1 MB  conda-forge
    python-3.8.6               |hffdb5ce_4_cpython        26.1 MB  conda-forge
    python-dateutil-2.8.1      |             py_0         220 KB  conda-forge
    python_abi-3.8             |           1_cp38           4 KB  conda-forge
    pytz-2020.5                |     pyhd8ed1ab_0         244 KB  conda-forge
    readline-8.0               |       he28a2e2_2         281 KB  conda-forge
    setuptools-49.6.0          |   py38h578d9bd_3         929 KB  conda-forge
    six-1.15.0                 |     pyh9f0ad1d_0          14 KB  conda-forge
    sqlite-3.34.0              |       h74cdb3f_0         1.4 MB  conda-forge
    ta-lib-0.4.19              |   py38hab2c0dc_2         425 KB  conda-forge
    tk-8.6.10                  |       h21135ba_1         3.2 MB  conda-forge
    virtualenv-20.4.0          |   py38h578d9bd_0         5.0 MB  conda-forge
    wheel-0.36.2               |     pyhd3deb0d_0          31 KB  conda-forge
    xz-5.2.5                   |       h516909a_1         343 KB  conda-forge
    zlib-1.2.11                |    h516909a_1010         106 KB  conda-forge
    ------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Total:       122.6 MB

The following NEW packages will be INSTALLED:

  _libgcc_mutex      conda-forge/linux-64::_libgcc_mutex-0.1-conda_forge
  _openmp_mutex      conda-forge/linux-64::_openmp_mutex-4.5-1_gnu
  appdirs            conda-forge/noarch::appdirs-1.4.4-pyh9f0ad1d_0
  c-ares             conda-forge/linux-64::c-ares-1.17.1-h36c2ea0_0
  ca-certificates    conda-forge/linux-64::ca-certificates-2020.12.5-ha878542_0
  certifi            conda-forge/linux-64::certifi-2020.12.5-py38h578d9bd_1
  curl               conda-forge/linux-64::curl-7.71.1-he644dc0_8
  distlib            conda-forge/noarch::distlib-0.3.1-pyh9f0ad1d_0
  expat              conda-forge/linux-64::expat-2.2.9-he1b5a44_2
  filelock           conda-forge/noarch::filelock-3.0.12-pyh9f0ad1d_0
  gettext            conda-forge/linux-64::gettext-0.19.8.1-h0b5b191_1005
  git                conda-forge/linux-64::git-2.30.0-pl5320h014a29a_0
  krb5               conda-forge/linux-64::krb5-1.17.2-h926e7f8_0
  ld_impl_linux-64   conda-forge/linux-64::ld_impl_linux-64-2.35.1-hea4e1c9_1
  libblas            conda-forge/linux-64::libblas-3.9.0-7_openblas
  libcblas           conda-forge/linux-64::libcblas-3.9.0-7_openblas
  libcurl            conda-forge/linux-64::libcurl-7.71.1-hcdd3856_8
  libedit            conda-forge/linux-64::libedit-3.1.20191231-he28a2e2_2
  libev              conda-forge/linux-64::libev-4.33-h516909a_1
  libffi             conda-forge/linux-64::libffi-3.3-h58526e2_2
  libgcc-ng          conda-forge/linux-64::libgcc-ng-9.3.0-h2828fa1_18
  libgfortran-ng     conda-forge/linux-64::libgfortran-ng-9.3.0-hff62375_18
  libgfortran5       conda-forge/linux-64::libgfortran5-9.3.0-hff62375_18
  libgomp            conda-forge/linux-64::libgomp-9.3.0-h2828fa1_18
  libiconv           conda-forge/linux-64::libiconv-1.16-h516909a_0
  liblapack          conda-forge/linux-64::liblapack-3.9.0-7_openblas
  libnghttp2         conda-forge/linux-64::libnghttp2-1.41.0-h8cfc5f6_2
  libopenblas        conda-forge/linux-64::libopenblas-0.3.12-pthreads_h4812303_1
  libssh2            conda-forge/linux-64::libssh2-1.9.0-hab1572f_5
  libstdcxx-ng       conda-forge/linux-64::libstdcxx-ng-9.3.0-h6de172a_18
  libta-lib          conda-forge/linux-64::libta-lib-0.4.0-h516909a_0
  ncurses            conda-forge/linux-64::ncurses-6.2-h58526e2_4
  numpy              conda-forge/linux-64::numpy-1.19.5-py38h18fd61f_1
  openssl            conda-forge/linux-64::openssl-1.1.1i-h7f98852_0
  pandas             conda-forge/linux-64::pandas-1.2.0-py38h51da96c_1
  pcre               conda-forge/linux-64::pcre-8.44-he1b5a44_0
  perl               conda-forge/linux-64::perl-5.32.0-h36c2ea0_0
  pip                conda-forge/noarch::pip-20.3.3-pyhd8ed1ab_0
  python             conda-forge/linux-64::python-3.8.6-hffdb5ce_4_cpython
  python-dateutil    conda-forge/noarch::python-dateutil-2.8.1-py_0
  python_abi         conda-forge/linux-64::python_abi-3.8-1_cp38
  pytz               conda-forge/noarch::pytz-2020.5-pyhd8ed1ab_0
  readline           conda-forge/linux-64::readline-8.0-he28a2e2_2
  setuptools         conda-forge/linux-64::setuptools-49.6.0-py38h578d9bd_3
  six                conda-forge/noarch::six-1.15.0-pyh9f0ad1d_0
  sqlite             conda-forge/linux-64::sqlite-3.34.0-h74cdb3f_0
  ta-lib             conda-forge/linux-64::ta-lib-0.4.19-py38hab2c0dc_2
  tk                 conda-forge/linux-64::tk-8.6.10-h21135ba_1
  virtualenv         conda-forge/linux-64::virtualenv-20.4.0-py38h578d9bd_0
  wheel              conda-forge/noarch::wheel-0.36.2-pyhd3deb0d_0
  xz                 conda-forge/linux-64::xz-5.2.5-h516909a_1
  zlib               conda-forge/linux-64::zlib-1.2.11-h516909a_1010

Proceed ([y]/n)? y

Downloading and Extracting Packages
readline-8.0         | 281 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
appdirs-1.4.4        | 13 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
six-1.15.0           | 14 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
liblapack-3.9.0      | 11 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
pandas-1.2.0         | 12.0 MB   | ######################################################### | 100% 
krb5-1.17.2          | 1.4 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
perl-5.32.0          | 16.8 MB   | ######################################################### | 100% 
ca-certificates-2020 | 137 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
certifi-2020.12.5    | 143 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
curl-7.71.1          | 139 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
distlib-0.3.1        | 246 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
setuptools-49.6.0    | 929 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libcurl-7.71.1       | 312 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libiconv-1.16        | 1.4 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
gettext-0.19.8.1     | 3.6 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libstdcxx-ng-9.3.0   | 4.0 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
zlib-1.2.11          | 106 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
tk-8.6.10            | 3.2 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libffi-3.3           | 51 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
wheel-0.36.2         | 31 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
python_abi-3.8       | 4 KB      | ######################################################### | 100% 
sqlite-3.34.0        | 1.4 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
numpy-1.19.5         | 5.4 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
xz-5.2.5             | 343 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
git-2.30.0           | 12.5 MB   | ######################################################### | 100% 
expat-2.2.9          | 191 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
python-3.8.6         | 26.1 MB   | ######################################################### | 100% 
ncurses-6.2          | 985 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
c-ares-1.17.1        | 111 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libgfortran-ng-9.3.0 | 22 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
libssh2-1.9.0        | 225 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
ld_impl_linux-64-2.3 | 617 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
openssl-1.1.1i       | 2.1 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
python-dateutil-2.8. | 220 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libcblas-3.9.0       | 11 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
libgomp-9.3.0        | 376 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
ta-lib-0.4.19        | 425 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libblas-3.9.0        | 11 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
pcre-8.44            | 261 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
_openmp_mutex-4.5    | 22 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
libnghttp2-1.41.0    | 774 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libgcc-ng-9.3.0      | 7.8 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libta-lib-0.4.0      | 503 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
pytz-2020.5          | 244 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libedit-3.1.20191231 | 121 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
pip-20.3.3           | 1.1 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
_libgcc_mutex-0.1    | 3 KB      | ######################################################### | 100% 
virtualenv-20.4.0    | 5.0 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libopenblas-0.3.12   | 8.9 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
libev-4.33           | 104 KB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
filelock-3.0.12      | 10 KB     | ######################################################### | 100% 
libgfortran5-9.3.0   | 2.0 MB    | ######################################################### | 100% 
Preparing transaction: done
Verifying transaction: done
Executing transaction: done
#
# To activate this environment, use
#
#     $ conda activate freqtrader-env
#
# To deactivate an active environment, use
#
#     $ conda deactivate

$ conda activate freqtrader-env
(freqtrader-env) black@mx:~

```
#2 Download and install freqtrade
```
(base) black@mx:~
$ git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git^C
(base) black@mx:~
$ conda activate freqtrader-env
(freqtrader-env) black@mx:~
$ git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git
Cloning into 'freqtrade'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 20, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (20/20), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (17/17), done.
remote: Total 54506 (delta 6), reused 8 (delta 3), pack-reused 54486
Receiving objects: 100% (54506/54506), 48.41 MiB | 4.02 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (40439/40439), done.
(freqtrader-env) black@mx:~
$ cd freqtrade/
(freqtrader-env) black@mx:~/freqtrade
$ ./setup.sh --install
/home/black/miniconda3/envs/freqtrader-env/bin/python3.8
using Python 3.8
-------------------------
Installing mandatory dependencies
-------------------------
Debian/Ubuntu detected. Setup for this system in-progress
Hit:1 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster-updates InRelease
Hit:2 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster InRelease
Hit:3 http://deb.debian.org/debian-security buster/updates InRelease
Hit:4 http://mirrors.rit.edu/mxlinux/mx-packages/mx/repo buster InRelease
Reading package lists... Done
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree       
Reading state information... Done
build-essential is already the newest version (12.6).
git is already the newest version (1:2.20.1-2+deb10u3).
make is already the newest version (4.2.1-1.2).
wget is already the newest version (1.20.1-1.1).
wget set to manually installed.
The following additional packages will be installed:
  autotools-dev m4
Suggested packages:
  autoconf-archive gnu-standards autoconf-doc gettext libtool-doc automaken gfortran | fortran95-compiler gcj-jdk m4-doc
Recommended packages:
  automake | automaken libltdl-dev
The following NEW packages will be installed:
  autoconf autotools-dev libtool m4 pkg-config
0 upgraded, 5 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
Need to get 1,232 kB of archives.
After this operation, 3,908 kB of additional disk space will be used.
Get:1 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster/main amd64 m4 amd64 1.4.18-2 [203 kB]
Get:2 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster/main amd64 autoconf all 2.69-11 [341 kB]
Get:3 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster/main amd64 autotools-dev all 20180224.1 [77.0 kB]
Get:4 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster/main amd64 libtool all 2.4.6-9 [547 kB]
Get:5 http://deb.debian.org/debian buster/main amd64 pkg-config amd64 0.29-6 [63.5 kB]
Fetched 1,232 kB in 1s (2,448 kB/s)
Selecting previously unselected package m4.
(Reading database ... 348139 files and directories currently installed.)
Preparing to unpack .../archives/m4_1.4.18-2_amd64.deb ...
Unpacking m4 (1.4.18-2) ...
Selecting previously unselected package autoconf.
Preparing to unpack .../autoconf_2.69-11_all.deb ...
Unpacking autoconf (2.69-11) ...
Selecting previously unselected package autotools-dev.
Preparing to unpack .../autotools-dev_20180224.1_all.deb ...
Unpacking autotools-dev (20180224.1) ...
Selecting previously unselected package libtool.
Preparing to unpack .../libtool_2.4.6-9_all.deb ...
Unpacking libtool (2.4.6-9) ...
Selecting previously unselected package pkg-config.
Preparing to unpack .../pkg-config_0.29-6_amd64.deb ...
Unpacking pkg-config (0.29-6) ...
Setting up m4 (1.4.18-2) ...
Setting up autotools-dev (20180224.1) ...
Setting up pkg-config (0.29-6) ...
Setting up autoconf (2.69-11) ...
Setting up libtool (2.4.6-9) ...
Processing triggers for install-info (6.5.0.dfsg.1-4+b1) ...
install-info: warning: no info dir entry in `/usr/share/info/gtkdialog.info.gz'
Processing triggers for man-db (2.8.5-2) ...
ta-lib/
ta-lib/config.sub
ta-lib/aclocal.m4
ta-lib/CHANGELOG.TXT
ta-lib/include/
ta-lib/include/ta_abstract.h
ta-lib/include/ta_func.h
ta-lib/include/ta_common.h
ta-lib/include/ta_config.h.in
ta-lib/include/Makefile.am
ta-lib/include/ta_libc.h
ta-lib/include/ta_defs.h
ta-lib/missing
ta-lib/ta-lib.spec.in
ta-lib/config.guess
ta-lib/Makefile.in
ta-lib/ta-lib.dpkg.in
ta-lib/Makefile.am
ta-lib/autogen.sh
ta-lib/install-sh
ta-lib/configure
ta-lib/depcomp
ta-lib/HISTORY.TXT
ta-lib/configure.in
ta-lib/autom4te.cache/
ta-lib/autom4te.cache/output.0
ta-lib/autom4te.cache/requests
ta-lib/autom4te.cache/output.1
ta-lib/autom4te.cache/traces.0
ta-lib/autom4te.cache/traces.1
ta-lib/ltmain.sh
ta-lib/ta-lib-config.in
ta-lib/src/
ta-lib/src/ta_func/
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MACDFIX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLPIERCING.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_DIV.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ROCR100.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ADXR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MAVP.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLCLOSINGMARUBOZU.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_COSH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_EXP.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MINMAXINDEX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SQRT.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_FLOOR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLCONCEALBABYSWALL.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_NATR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHARAMICROSS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MINUS_DM.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_LOG10.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_LINEARREG_ANGLE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_RSI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLABANDONEDBABY.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLBREAKAWAY.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLDRAGONFLYDOJI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHIGHWAVE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLKICKING.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLDOJISTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_VAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLMATCHINGLOW.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLGAPSIDESIDEWHITE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLMARUBOZU.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_AROONOSC.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_WCLPRICE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLEVENINGDOJISTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL3INSIDE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_OBV.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_AROON.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLBELTHOLD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLSPINNINGTOP.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_AD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MAX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLENGULFING.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MINMAX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLINNECK.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_STDDEV.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_NVI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHAMMER.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ASIN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SUM.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_STOCH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLLONGLEGGEDDOJI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MEDPRICE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL3STARSINSOUTH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_HT_TRENDMODE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_BBANDS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLMORNINGSTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_HT_DCPHASE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLLONGLINE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TAN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_DX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MIDPOINT.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL2CROWS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CORREL.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL3BLACKCROWS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ADD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLTHRUSTING.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SUB.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLSTALLEDPATTERN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLTRISTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_HT_SINE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ACOS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLSTICKSANDWICH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SINH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_utility.h
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLSHORTLINE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ATAN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLADVANCEBLOCK.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLKICKINGBYLENGTH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLSHOOTINGSTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ROCR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_WMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLDARKCLOUDCOVER.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLXSIDEGAP3METHODS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TYPPRICE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL3WHITESOLDIERS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MACDEXT.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ADX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_PLUS_DM.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLUPSIDEGAP2CROWS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_LN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_DEMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL3OUTSIDE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLTASUKIGAP.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MAMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLMORNINGDOJISTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_PLUS_DI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MININDEX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_COS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_HT_TRENDLINE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MIDPRICE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CEIL.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TRIMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLSEPARATINGLINES.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ROCP.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHOMINGPIGEON.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHANGINGMAN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_AVGPRICE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_APO.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLRISEFALL3METHODS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TRANGE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TSF.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_LINEARREG.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_PVI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHIKKAKEMOD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MFI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHARAMI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MACD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_BETA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLINVERTEDHAMMER.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_LINEARREG_SLOPE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_STOCHF.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MIN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLIDENTICAL3CROWS.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLRICKSHAWMAN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_T3.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLMATHOLD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLUNIQUE3RIVER.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ADOSC.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MAXINDEX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ULTOSC.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TRIX.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MOM.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLDOJI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_EMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_STOCHRSI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ROC.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLEVENINGSTAR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLCOUNTERATTACK.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_LINEARREG_INTERCEPT.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SAREXT.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_WILLR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MULT.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_ATR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_BOP.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CMO.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLONNECK.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CCI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLLADDERBOTTOM.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_HT_PHASOR.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_utility.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_PPO.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLHIKKAKE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_HT_DCPERIOD.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDL3LINESTRIKE.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TEMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_SIN.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_MINUS_DI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_KAMA.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_TANH.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLTAKURI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_func/ta_CDLGRAVESTONEDOJI.c
ta-lib/src/ta_common/
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_pragma.h
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_magic_nb.h
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_retcode.csv
ta-lib/src/ta_common/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/ta_common/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_memory.h
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_version.c
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_global.h
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_global.c
ta-lib/src/ta_common/ta_retcode.c
ta-lib/src/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/frames/
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/frames/ta_frame.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/frames/ta_frame.h
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/excel_glue.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_frame_priv.h
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_func_api.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_def_ui.h
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_abstract.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_group_idx.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_u.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_x.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_r.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_f.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_j.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_e.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_t.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_n.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_i.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_c.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_l.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_k.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_g.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_d.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_h.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_o.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_b.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_q.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_v.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_m.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_s.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_y.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_p.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_z.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_a.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/tables/table_w.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_def_ui.c
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_x.c.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_java_defs.h.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/excel_glue.c.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_group_idx.c.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_frame.c.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/CoreAnnotated.java.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_func.h.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_frame.h.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/Makefile.am.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_func_api.c.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_func.swg.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/templates/ta_retcode.c.template
ta-lib/src/ta_abstract/ta_java_defs.h
ta-lib/src/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/tools/
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/test_util.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func.h
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/test_data.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_gDataHigh.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/test_internals.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_regtest.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_gDataOpen.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_gDataClose.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/test_abstract.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_bbands.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_stddev.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_1in_2out.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_sar.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_1in_1out.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_trange.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_macd.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_po.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_per_hlc.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_mom.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_per_ohlc.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_adx.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_candlestick.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_rsi.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_per_ema.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_minmax.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_per_hlcv.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_per_hl.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_stoch.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_func/test_ma.c
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_error_number.h
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_test_priv.h
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ReadMe.txt
ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest/ta_gDataLow.c
ta-lib/src/tools/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/tools/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/java/
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/java/PrettyCode.java
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/java/Main.java
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/gen_code.c
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/Makefile.in
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/Makefile.am
ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code/mcpp.exe
checking for a BSD-compatible install... /usr/bin/install -c
checking whether build environment is sane... yes
checking for a thread-safe mkdir -p... /usr/bin/mkdir -p
checking for gawk... gawk
checking whether make sets $(MAKE)... yes
checking for gcc... gcc
checking for C compiler default output file name... a.out
checking whether the C compiler works... yes
checking whether we are cross compiling... no
checking for suffix of executables... 
checking for suffix of object files... o
checking whether we are using the GNU C compiler... yes
checking whether gcc accepts -g... yes
checking for gcc option to accept ISO C89... none needed
checking for style of include used by make... GNU
checking dependency style of gcc... gcc3
checking build system type... x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu
checking host system type... x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu
checking for a sed that does not truncate output... /usr/bin/sed
checking for grep that handles long lines and -e... /usr/bin/grep
checking for egrep... /usr/bin/grep -E
checking for ld used by gcc... /usr/bin/ld
checking if the linker (/usr/bin/ld) is GNU ld... yes
checking for /usr/bin/ld option to reload object files... -r
checking for BSD-compatible nm... /usr/bin/nm -B
checking whether ln -s works... yes
checking how to recognise dependent libraries... pass_all
checking how to run the C preprocessor... gcc -E
checking for ANSI C header files... yes
checking for sys/types.h... yes
checking for sys/stat.h... yes
checking for stdlib.h... yes
checking for string.h... yes
checking for memory.h... yes
checking for strings.h... yes
checking for inttypes.h... yes
checking for stdint.h... yes
checking for unistd.h... yes
checking dlfcn.h usability... yes
checking dlfcn.h presence... yes
checking for dlfcn.h... yes
checking for g++... g++
checking whether we are using the GNU C++ compiler... yes
checking whether g++ accepts -g... yes
checking dependency style of g++... gcc3
checking how to run the C++ preprocessor... g++ -E
checking for g77... no
checking for xlf... no
checking for f77... no
checking for frt... no
checking for pgf77... no
checking for cf77... no
checking for fort77... no
checking for fl32... no
checking for af77... no
checking for xlf90... no
checking for f90... no
checking for pgf90... no
checking for pghpf... no
checking for epcf90... no
checking for gfortran... no
checking for g95... no
checking for xlf95... no
checking for f95... no
checking for fort... no
checking for ifort... no
checking for ifc... no
checking for efc... no
checking for pgf95... no
checking for lf95... no
checking for ftn... no
checking whether we are using the GNU Fortran 77 compiler... no
checking whether  accepts -g... no
checking the maximum length of command line arguments... 32768
checking command to parse /usr/bin/nm -B output from gcc object... ok
checking for objdir... .libs
checking for ar... ar
checking for ranlib... ranlib
checking for strip... strip
checking if gcc supports -fno-rtti -fno-exceptions... no
checking for gcc option to produce PIC... -fPIC
checking if gcc PIC flag -fPIC works... yes
checking if gcc static flag -static works... yes
checking if gcc supports -c -o file.o... yes
checking whether the gcc linker (/usr/bin/ld -m elf_x86_64) supports shared libraries... yes
checking whether -lc should be explicitly linked in... no
checking dynamic linker characteristics... GNU/Linux ld.so
checking how to hardcode library paths into programs... immediate
checking whether stripping libraries is possible... yes
checking if libtool supports shared libraries... yes
checking whether to build shared libraries... yes
checking whether to build static libraries... yes
configure: creating libtool
appending configuration tag "CXX" to libtool
checking for ld used by g++... /usr/bin/ld -m elf_x86_64
checking if the linker (/usr/bin/ld -m elf_x86_64) is GNU ld... yes
checking whether the g++ linker (/usr/bin/ld -m elf_x86_64) supports shared libraries... yes
checking for g++ option to produce PIC... -fPIC
checking if g++ PIC flag -fPIC works... yes
checking if g++ static flag -static works... yes
checking if g++ supports -c -o file.o... yes
checking whether the g++ linker (/usr/bin/ld -m elf_x86_64) supports shared libraries... yes
checking dynamic linker characteristics... GNU/Linux ld.so
checking how to hardcode library paths into programs... immediate
appending configuration tag "F77" to libtool
checking for dlopen in -ldl... yes
checking for pthread_create in -lpthread... yes
checking for ANSI C header files... (cached) yes
checking float.h usability... yes
checking float.h presence... yes
checking for float.h... yes
checking for inttypes.h... (cached) yes
checking limits.h usability... yes
checking limits.h presence... yes
checking for limits.h... yes
checking locale.h usability... yes
checking locale.h presence... yes
checking for locale.h... yes
checking stddef.h usability... yes
checking stddef.h presence... yes
checking for stddef.h... yes
checking for stdint.h... (cached) yes
checking for stdlib.h... (cached) yes
checking for string.h... (cached) yes
checking for unistd.h... (cached) yes
checking wchar.h usability... yes
checking wchar.h presence... yes
checking for wchar.h... yes
checking wctype.h usability... yes
checking wctype.h presence... yes
checking for wctype.h... yes
checking for an ANSI C-conforming const... yes
checking for size_t... yes
checking whether struct tm is in sys/time.h or time.h... time.h
checking for working volatile... yes
checking for ptrdiff_t... yes
checking return type of signal handlers... void
checking for working strcoll... yes
checking for strftime... yes
checking for working strtod... yes
checking for vprintf... yes
checking for _doprnt... no
checking for floor... no
checking for isascii... yes
checking for localeconv... yes
checking for mblen... yes
checking for memmove... yes
checking for memset... yes
checking for modf... yes
checking for pow... no
checking for sqrt... no
checking for strcasecmp... yes
checking for strchr... yes
checking for strerror... yes
checking for strncasecmp... yes
checking for strrchr... yes
checking for strstr... yes
checking for strtol... yes
checking for strtoul... yes
configure: creating ./config.status
config.status: creating Makefile
config.status: creating src/Makefile
config.status: creating src/ta_abstract/Makefile
config.status: creating src/ta_common/Makefile
config.status: creating src/ta_func/Makefile
config.status: creating src/tools/Makefile
config.status: creating src/tools/gen_code/Makefile
config.status: creating src/tools/ta_regtest/Makefile
config.status: creating ta-lib-config
config.status: creating ta-lib.spec
config.status: creating ta-lib.dpkg
config.status: creating include/ta_config.h
config.status: executing depfiles commands
Making all in src
make[1]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
Making all in ta_abstract
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_abstract'
/bin/bash ../../libtool --tag=CC   --mode=compile gcc -DHAVE_CONFIG_H -I. -I../../include  -I../ta_common/ -Iframes/   -g -O2 -MT libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.lo -MD -MP -MF .deps/libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.Tpo -c -o libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.lo `test -f 'ta_group_idx.c' || echo './'`ta_group_idx.c
mkdir .libs
 gcc -DHAVE_CONFIG_H -I. -I../../include -I../ta_common/ -Iframes/ -g -O2 -MT libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.lo -MD -MP -MF .deps/libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.Tpo -c ta_group_idx.c  -fPIC -DPIC -o .libs/libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.o
 gcc -DHAVE_CONFIG_H -I. -I../../include -I../ta_common/ -Iframes/ -g -O2 -MT libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.lo -MD -MP -MF .deps/libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.Tpo -c ta_group_idx.c -o libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.o >/dev/null 2>&1
mv -f .deps/libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.Tpo .deps/libta_abstract_la-ta_group_idx.Plo
/bin/bash ../../libtool --tag=CC   --mode=compile gcc -DHAVE_CONFIG_H -I. -I../../include  -I../ta_common/ -Iframes/   -g -O2 -MT libta_abstract_la-ta_def_ui.lo -MD -MP -MF .deps/libta_abstract_la-ta_def_ui.Tpo -c -o libta_abstract_la-ta_def_ui.lo `test -f 'ta_def_ui.c' || echo './'`ta_def_ui.c
```

```
gtest-test_per_hl.o ta_regtest-test_trange.o ta_regtest-test_internals.o  -lpthread -ldl 
mkdir .libs
gcc -g -O2 -o .libs/ta_regtest ta_regtest-ta_regtest.o ta_regtest-test_data.o ta_regtest-test_util.o ta_regtest-test_abstract.o ta_regtest-test_adx.o ta_regtest-test_mom.o ta_regtest-test_sar.o ta_regtest-test_rsi.o ta_regtest-test_candlestick.o ta_regtest-test_per_ema.o ta_regtest-test_per_hlc.o ta_regtest-test_stoch.o ta_regtest-test_macd.o ta_regtest-test_minmax.o ta_regtest-test_per_hlcv.o ta_regtest-test_1in_1out.o ta_regtest-test_1in_2out.o ta_regtest-test_per_ohlc.o ta_regtest-test_stddev.o ta_regtest-test_bbands.o ta_regtest-test_ma.o ta_regtest-test_po.o ta_regtest-test_per_hl.o ta_regtest-test_trange.o ta_regtest-test_internals.o  -L/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src /home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/.libs/libta_lib.so -lm -lpthread -ldl
creating ta_regtest
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest'
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[2]: Nothing to be done for 'all-am'.
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[1]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[1]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib'
make[1]: Nothing to be done for 'all-am'.
make[1]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib'
Making install in src
make[1]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
Making install in ta_abstract
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_abstract'
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_abstract'
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-exec-am'.
test -z "/usr/local/include/ta-lib/" || /usr/bin/mkdir -p "/usr/local/include/ta-lib/"
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_defs.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_defs.h'
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_libc.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_libc.h'
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_abstract.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_abstract.h'
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_abstract'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_abstract'
Making install in ta_common
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_common'
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_common'
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-exec-am'.
test -z "/usr/local/include/ta-lib/" || /usr/bin/mkdir -p "/usr/local/include/ta-lib/"
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_defs.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_defs.h'
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_libc.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_libc.h'
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_common.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_common.h'
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_common'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_common'
Making install in ta_func
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_func'
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_func'
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-exec-am'.
test -z "/usr/local/include/ta-lib/" || /usr/bin/mkdir -p "/usr/local/include/ta-lib/"
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_defs.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_defs.h'
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_libc.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_libc.h'
 /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 '../../include/ta_func.h' '/usr/local/include/ta-lib//ta_func.h'
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_func'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/ta_func'
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
test -z "/usr/local/lib" || /usr/bin/mkdir -p "/usr/local/lib"
 /bin/bash ../libtool --mode=install /usr/bin/install -c  'libta_lib.la' '/usr/local/lib/libta_lib.la'
/usr/bin/install -c .libs/libta_lib.so.0.0.0 /usr/local/lib/libta_lib.so.0.0.0
(cd /usr/local/lib && { ln -s -f libta_lib.so.0.0.0 libta_lib.so.0 || { rm -f libta_lib.so.0 && ln -s libta_lib.so.0.0.0 libta_lib.so.0; }; })
(cd /usr/local/lib && { ln -s -f libta_lib.so.0.0.0 libta_lib.so || { rm -f libta_lib.so && ln -s libta_lib.so.0.0.0 libta_lib.so; }; })
/usr/bin/install -c .libs/libta_lib.lai /usr/local/lib/libta_lib.la
/usr/bin/install -c .libs/libta_lib.a /usr/local/lib/libta_lib.a
chmod 644 /usr/local/lib/libta_lib.a
ranlib /usr/local/lib/libta_lib.a
PATH="$PATH:/sbin" ldconfig -n /usr/local/lib
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Libraries have been installed in:
   /usr/local/lib

If you ever happen to want to link against installed libraries
in a given directory, LIBDIR, you must either use libtool, and
specify the full pathname of the library, or use the `-LLIBDIR'
flag during linking and do at least one of the following:
   - add LIBDIR to the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH' environment variable
     during execution
   - add LIBDIR to the `LD_RUN_PATH' environment variable
     during linking
   - use the `-Wl,--rpath -Wl,LIBDIR' linker flag
   - have your system administrator add LIBDIR to `/etc/ld.so.conf'

See any operating system documentation about shared libraries for
more information, such as the ld(1) and ld.so(8) manual pages.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-data-am'.
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
make[1]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src'
Making install in src/tools
make[1]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
Making install in gen_code
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code'
make  gen_code
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code'
make[3]: 'gen_code' is up to date.
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code'
cp gen_code ../../../bin
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code'
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-exec-am'.
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-data-am'.
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/gen_code'
Making install in ta_regtest
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest'
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest'
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-exec-am'.
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-data-am'.
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools/ta_regtest'
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[3]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-exec-am'.
make[3]: Nothing to be done for 'install-data-am'.
make[3]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[1]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib/src/tools'
make[1]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib'
make[2]: Entering directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib'
test -z "/usr/local/bin" || /usr/bin/mkdir -p "/usr/local/bin"
 /usr/bin/install -c 'ta-lib-config' '/usr/local/bin/ta-lib-config'
make[2]: Nothing to be done for 'install-data-am'.
make[2]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib'
make[1]: Leaving directory '/home/black/freqtrade/build_helpers/ta-lib'
Updating library path using ldconfig

----------------------------
Reseting branch and virtual env
----------------------------
Reset git branch? (This will remove all changes you made!) [y/N]? y
- Hard resetting of 'develop' branch.
HEAD is now at 86b3306a Small doc refactoring

-------------------------
Updating your virtual env
-------------------------
pip install in-progress. Please wait...
Collecting pip
  Downloading pip-20.3.3-py2.py3-none-any.whl (1.5 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 1.5 MB 1.7 MB/s 
Installing collected packages: pip
  Attempting uninstall: pip
    Found existing installation: pip 20.2.1
    Uninstalling pip-20.2.1:
      Successfully uninstalled pip-20.2.1
Successfully installed pip-20.3.3
Do you want to install dependencies for dev [y/N]? y
Do you want to install plotting dependencies (plotly) [y/N]? y
Do you want to install hyperopt dependencies [y/N]? y
Collecting aiohttp==3.7.3
  Downloading aiohttp-3.7.3-cp38-cp38-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (1.5 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 1.5 MB 1.8 MB/s 
Collecting arrow==0.17.0
  Downloading arrow-0.17.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (50 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 50 kB 6.9 MB/s 
Collecting blosc==1.10.1
  Downloading blosc-1.10.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (2.3 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 2.3 MB 8.0 MB/s 
Collecting cachetools==4.2.0
  Downloading cachetools-4.2.0-py3-none-any.whl (12 kB)
Collecting ccxt==1.40.74
  Downloading ccxt-1.40.74-py2.py3-none-any.whl (2.0 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 2.0 MB 4.7 MB/s 
Requirement already satisfied: setuptools>=38.5.1 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt==1.40.74->-r requirements.txt (line 4)) (49.2.1)
Collecting colorama==0.4.4
  Downloading colorama-0.4.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl (16 kB)
Collecting coveralls==3.0.0
  Downloading coveralls-3.0.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (13 kB)
Collecting fastapi==0.63.0
  Downloading fastapi-0.63.0-py3-none-any.whl (50 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 50 kB 3.1 MB/s 
Collecting filelock==3.0.12
  Downloading filelock-3.0.12-py3-none-any.whl (7.6 kB)
Collecting flake8==3.8.4
  Downloading flake8-3.8.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl (72 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 72 kB 751 kB/s 
Collecting flake8-tidy-imports==4.2.1
  Downloading flake8_tidy_imports-4.2.1-py3-none-any.whl (8.6 kB)
Collecting flake8-type-annotations==0.1.0
  Downloading flake8_type_annotations-0.1.0-py3-none-any.whl (6.9 kB)
Collecting isort==5.7.0
  Downloading isort-5.7.0-py3-none-any.whl (104 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 104 kB 8.1 MB/s 
Collecting jinja2==2.11.2
  Downloading Jinja2-2.11.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (125 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 125 kB 7.0 MB/s 
Collecting joblib==1.0.0
  Downloading joblib-1.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (302 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 302 kB 6.4 MB/s 
Collecting jsonschema==3.2.0
  Downloading jsonschema-3.2.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (56 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 56 kB 1.2 MB/s 
Collecting mypy==0.790
  Downloading mypy-0.790-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (22.0 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 22.0 MB 4.8 MB/s 
Collecting nbconvert==6.0.7
  Downloading nbconvert-6.0.7-py3-none-any.whl (552 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 552 kB 6.3 MB/s 
Collecting numpy==1.19.5
  Downloading numpy-1.19.5-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (14.9 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 14.9 MB 6.5 MB/s 
Collecting pandas==1.2.0
  Downloading pandas-1.2.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (9.7 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 9.7 MB 3.5 MB/s 
Collecting plotly==4.14.3
  Downloading plotly-4.14.3-py2.py3-none-any.whl (13.2 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 13.2 MB 8.9 MB/s 
Collecting progressbar2==3.53.1
  Downloading progressbar2-3.53.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (25 kB)
Collecting prompt-toolkit==3.0.10
  Downloading prompt_toolkit-3.0.10-py3-none-any.whl (355 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 355 kB 4.8 MB/s 
Collecting py_find_1st==1.1.4
  Downloading py_find_1st-1.1.4.tar.gz (8.7 kB)
  Installing build dependencies ... done
  Getting requirements to build wheel ... done
    Preparing wheel metadata ... done
Collecting pycoingecko==1.4.0
  Downloading pycoingecko-1.4.0-py3-none-any.whl (7.4 kB)
Collecting pyjwt==2.0.1
  Downloading PyJWT-2.0.1-py3-none-any.whl (15 kB)
Collecting pytest==6.2.1
  Downloading pytest-6.2.1-py3-none-any.whl (279 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 279 kB 2.1 MB/s 
Collecting pytest-asyncio==0.14.0
  Downloading pytest_asyncio-0.14.0-py3-none-any.whl (11 kB)
Collecting pytest-cov==2.10.1
  Downloading pytest_cov-2.10.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (19 kB)
Collecting pytest-mock==3.5.1
  Downloading pytest_mock-3.5.1-py3-none-any.whl (12 kB)
Collecting pytest-random-order==1.0.4
  Downloading pytest_random_order-1.0.4-py3-none-any.whl (10 kB)
Collecting python-rapidjson==1.0
  Downloading python_rapidjson-1.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (1.4 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 1.4 MB 2.4 MB/s 
Collecting python-telegram-bot==13.1
  Downloading python_telegram_bot-13.1-py3-none-any.whl (422 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 422 kB 4.2 MB/s 
Collecting questionary==1.9.0
  Downloading questionary-1.9.0-py3-none-any.whl (32 kB)
Collecting requests==2.25.1
  Downloading requests-2.25.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (61 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 61 kB 2.7 MB/s 
Collecting scikit-learn==0.24.0
  Downloading scikit_learn-0.24.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (24.9 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 24.9 MB 7.5 MB/s 
Collecting scikit-optimize==0.8.1
  Downloading scikit_optimize-0.8.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (101 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 101 kB 4.3 MB/s 
Collecting scipy==1.6.0
  Downloading scipy-1.6.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (27.2 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 27.2 MB 953 kB/s 
Collecting sdnotify==0.3.2
  Downloading sdnotify-0.3.2.tar.gz (2.5 kB)
Collecting SQLAlchemy==1.3.22
  Downloading SQLAlchemy-1.3.22-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (1.3 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 1.3 MB 3.5 MB/s 
Collecting TA-Lib==0.4.19
  Downloading TA-Lib-0.4.19.tar.gz (267 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 267 kB 2.9 MB/s 
Collecting tables==3.6.1
  Downloading tables-3.6.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (4.3 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 4.3 MB 5.5 MB/s 
Collecting tabulate==0.8.7
  Downloading tabulate-0.8.7-py3-none-any.whl (24 kB)
Collecting urllib3==1.26.2
  Downloading urllib3-1.26.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (136 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 136 kB 3.4 MB/s 
Collecting uvicorn==0.13.3
  Downloading uvicorn-0.13.3-py3-none-any.whl (45 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 45 kB 3.0 MB/s 
Collecting wrapt==1.12.1
  Downloading wrapt-1.12.1.tar.gz (27 kB)
Collecting APScheduler==3.6.3
  Downloading APScheduler-3.6.3-py2.py3-none-any.whl (58 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 58 kB 3.5 MB/s 
Collecting click==7.*
  Downloading click-7.1.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (82 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 82 kB 624 kB/s 
Collecting starlette==0.13.6
  Downloading starlette-0.13.6-py3-none-any.whl (59 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 59 kB 3.6 MB/s 
Collecting yarl<2.0,>=1.0
  Downloading yarl-1.1.0.tar.gz (156 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 156 kB 5.0 MB/s 
Collecting aiodns<2.1,>=1.1.1
  Downloading aiodns-2.0.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (4.8 kB)
Collecting async-timeout<4.0,>=3.0
  Downloading async_timeout-3.0.1-py3-none-any.whl (8.2 kB)
Collecting attrs>=17.3.0
  Downloading attrs-20.3.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (49 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 49 kB 2.0 MB/s 
Collecting certifi>=2018.1.18
  Downloading certifi-2020.12.5-py2.py3-none-any.whl (147 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 147 kB 7.0 MB/s 
Collecting chardet<4.0,>=2.0
  Downloading chardet-3.0.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl (133 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 133 kB 4.3 MB/s 
Collecting coverage<6.0,>=4.1
  Downloading coverage-5.3.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (245 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 245 kB 7.5 MB/s 
Collecting cryptography>=2.6.1
  Downloading cryptography-3.3.1-cp36-abi3-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (2.6 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 2.6 MB 5.5 MB/s 
Collecting cffi>=1.12
  Downloading cffi-1.14.4-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (411 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 411 kB 4.5 MB/s 
Collecting decorator>=4.4.0
  Downloading decorator-4.4.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (9.2 kB)
Collecting docopt>=0.6.1
  Downloading docopt-0.6.2.tar.gz (25 kB)
Collecting entrypoints>=0.2.2
  Downloading entrypoints-0.3-py2.py3-none-any.whl (11 kB)
Collecting h11>=0.8
  Downloading h11-0.12.0-py3-none-any.whl (54 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 54 kB 1.8 MB/s 
Collecting idna<3,>=2.5
  Downloading idna-2.10-py2.py3-none-any.whl (58 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 58 kB 3.3 MB/s 
Collecting MarkupSafe>=0.23
  Downloading MarkupSafe-1.1.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (32 kB)
Collecting mccabe<0.7.0,>=0.6.0
  Downloading mccabe-0.6.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (8.6 kB)
Collecting mistune<2,>=0.8.1
  Downloading mistune-0.8.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl (16 kB)
Collecting multidict<7.0,>=4.5
  Downloading multidict-5.1.0-cp38-cp38-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (159 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 159 kB 9.0 MB/s 
Collecting mypy-extensions<0.5.0,>=0.4.3
  Downloading mypy_extensions-0.4.3-py2.py3-none-any.whl (4.5 kB)
Collecting nbclient<0.6.0,>=0.5.0
  Downloading nbclient-0.5.1-py3-none-any.whl (65 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 65 kB 1.7 MB/s 
Collecting jupyter-client>=6.1.5
  Downloading jupyter_client-6.1.11-py3-none-any.whl (108 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 108 kB 5.8 MB/s 
Collecting jupyter-core
  Downloading jupyter_core-4.7.0-py3-none-any.whl (82 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 82 kB 1.2 MB/s 
Collecting nbformat>=4.4
  Downloading nbformat-5.1.2-py3-none-any.whl (113 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 113 kB 5.5 MB/s 
Collecting numexpr>=2.6.2
  Downloading numexpr-2.7.2-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (472 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 472 kB 6.0 MB/s 
Collecting pandocfilters>=1.4.1
  Downloading pandocfilters-1.4.3.tar.gz (16 kB)
Collecting pluggy<1.0.0a1,>=0.12
  Downloading pluggy-0.13.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (18 kB)
Collecting py>=1.8.2
  Downloading py-1.10.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (97 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 97 kB 3.9 MB/s 
Collecting pyaml>=16.9
  Downloading pyaml-20.4.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (17 kB)
Collecting pycares>=3.0.0
  Downloading pycares-3.1.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (229 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 229 kB 3.8 MB/s 
Collecting pycodestyle<2.7.0,>=2.6.0a1
  Downloading pycodestyle-2.6.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (41 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 41 kB 488 kB/s 
Collecting pydantic<2.0.0,>=1.0.0
  Downloading pydantic-1.7.3-cp38-cp38-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl (12.2 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 12.2 MB 6.9 MB/s 
Collecting pyflakes<2.3.0,>=2.2.0
  Downloading pyflakes-2.2.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (66 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 66 kB 2.3 MB/s 
Collecting pygments>=2.4.1
  Downloading Pygments-2.7.4-py3-none-any.whl (950 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 950 kB 9.2 MB/s 
Collecting pyrsistent>=0.14.0
  Downloading pyrsistent-0.17.3.tar.gz (106 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 106 kB 4.3 MB/s 
Collecting python-dateutil>=2.7.0
  Downloading python_dateutil-2.8.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (227 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 227 kB 4.3 MB/s 
Collecting python-utils>=2.3.0
  Downloading python_utils-2.5.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (13 kB)
Collecting pytz>=2017.3
  Downloading pytz-2020.5-py2.py3-none-any.whl (510 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 510 kB 4.0 MB/s 
Collecting pyzmq>=13
  Downloading pyzmq-21.0.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (8.9 MB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 8.9 MB 3.7 MB/s 
Collecting retrying>=1.3.3
  Downloading retrying-1.3.3.tar.gz (10 kB)
Collecting six>=1.11.0
  Downloading six-1.15.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (10 kB)
Collecting threadpoolctl>=2.0.0
  Downloading threadpoolctl-2.1.0-py3-none-any.whl (12 kB)
Collecting tornado>=5.1
  Downloading tornado-6.1-cp38-cp38-manylinux2010_x86_64.whl (427 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 427 kB 8.0 MB/s 
Collecting traitlets>=4.2
  Downloading traitlets-5.0.5-py3-none-any.whl (100 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 100 kB 5.5 MB/s 
Collecting typed-ast<1.5.0,>=1.4.0
  Downloading typed_ast-1.4.2-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (774 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 774 kB 6.1 MB/s 
Collecting typing-extensions>=3.6.5
  Downloading typing_extensions-3.7.4.3-py3-none-any.whl (22 kB)
Collecting tzlocal>=1.2
  Downloading tzlocal-2.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (16 kB)
Collecting async-generator
  Downloading async_generator-1.10-py3-none-any.whl (18 kB)
Collecting bleach
  Downloading bleach-3.2.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (145 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 145 kB 6.5 MB/s 
Collecting defusedxml
  Downloading defusedxml-0.6.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (23 kB)
Collecting iniconfig
  Downloading iniconfig-1.1.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (5.0 kB)
Collecting ipython-genutils
  Downloading ipython_genutils-0.2.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl (26 kB)
Collecting jupyterlab-pygments
  Downloading jupyterlab_pygments-0.1.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (4.6 kB)
Collecting nest-asyncio
  Downloading nest_asyncio-1.4.3-py3-none-any.whl (5.3 kB)
Collecting packaging
  Downloading packaging-20.8-py2.py3-none-any.whl (39 kB)
Collecting pyparsing>=2.0.2
  Downloading pyparsing-2.4.7-py2.py3-none-any.whl (67 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 67 kB 3.6 MB/s 
Collecting pycparser
  Downloading pycparser-2.20-py2.py3-none-any.whl (112 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 112 kB 3.0 MB/s 
Collecting PyYAML
  Downloading PyYAML-5.4-cp38-cp38-manylinux1_x86_64.whl (662 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 662 kB 7.8 MB/s 
Collecting testpath
  Downloading testpath-0.4.4-py2.py3-none-any.whl (163 kB)
     |████████████████████████████████| 163 kB 2.7 MB/s 
Collecting toml
  Downloading toml-0.10.2-py2.py3-none-any.whl (16 kB)
Collecting wcwidth
  Downloading wcwidth-0.2.5-py2.py3-none-any.whl (30 kB)
Collecting webencodings
  Downloading webencodings-0.5.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl (11 kB)
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for sdnotify, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for TA-Lib, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for wrapt, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for yarl, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for docopt, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for pandocfilters, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for pyrsistent, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Using legacy 'setup.py install' for retrying, since package 'wheel' is not installed.
Building wheels for collected packages: py-find-1st
  Building wheel for py-find-1st (PEP 517) ... done
  Created wheel for py-find-1st: filename=py_find_1st-1.1.4-cp38-cp38-linux_x86_64.whl size=37131 sha256=4e91aa417e8b825ce24c322acfca9316d686b2560997b5f02feb6ac7ff617066
  Stored in directory: /home/black/.cache/pip/wheels/bd/ee/b5/5c4d41ed55a76e1146f83e660ae4554c370a67a422ba29b77a
Successfully built py-find-1st
Installing collected packages: ipython-genutils, traitlets, six, pyrsistent, pycparser, attrs, tornado, pyzmq, pytz, python-dateutil, pyparsing, numpy, multidict, jupyter-core, jsonschema, idna, cffi, yarl, webencodings, wcwidth, urllib3, tzlocal, typing-extensions, toml, threadpoolctl, scipy, PyYAML, pygments, pyflakes, pycodestyle, pycares, py, pluggy, packaging, nest-asyncio, nbformat, mccabe, MarkupSafe, jupyter-client, joblib, iniconfig, chardet, certifi, async-timeout, async-generator, typed-ast, testpath, starlette, scikit-learn, retrying, requests, python-utils, pytest, pydantic, pyaml, prompt-toolkit, pandocfilters, numexpr, nbclient, mypy-extensions, mistune, jupyterlab-pygments, jinja2, h11, flake8, entrypoints, docopt, defusedxml, decorator, cryptography, coverage, click, bleach, APScheduler, aiohttp, aiodns, wrapt, uvicorn, tabulate, tables, TA-Lib, SQLAlchemy, sdnotify, scikit-optimize, questionary, python-telegram-bot, python-rapidjson, pytest-random-order, pytest-mock, pytest-cov, pytest-asyncio, pyjwt, pycoingecko, py-find-1st, progressbar2, plotly, pandas, nbconvert, mypy, isort, flake8-type-annotations, flake8-tidy-imports, filelock, fastapi, coveralls, colorama, ccxt, cachetools, blosc, arrow
    Running setup.py install for pyrsistent ... done
    Running setup.py install for yarl ... done
    Running setup.py install for retrying ... done
    Running setup.py install for pandocfilters ... done
    Running setup.py install for docopt ... done
    Running setup.py install for wrapt ... done
    Running setup.py install for TA-Lib ... done
    Running setup.py install for sdnotify ... done
Successfully installed APScheduler-3.6.3 MarkupSafe-1.1.1 PyYAML-5.4 SQLAlchemy-1.3.22 TA-Lib-0.4.19 aiodns-2.0.0 aiohttp-3.7.3 arrow-0.17.0 async-generator-1.10 async-timeout-3.0.1 attrs-20.3.0 bleach-3.2.1 blosc-1.10.1 cachetools-4.2.0 ccxt-1.40.74 certifi-2020.12.5 cffi-1.14.4 chardet-3.0.4 click-7.1.2 colorama-0.4.4 coverage-5.3.1 coveralls-3.0.0 cryptography-3.3.1 decorator-4.4.2 defusedxml-0.6.0 docopt-0.6.2 entrypoints-0.3 fastapi-0.63.0 filelock-3.0.12 flake8-3.8.4 flake8-tidy-imports-4.2.1 flake8-type-annotations-0.1.0 h11-0.12.0 idna-2.10 iniconfig-1.1.1 ipython-genutils-0.2.0 isort-5.7.0 jinja2-2.11.2 joblib-1.0.0 jsonschema-3.2.0 jupyter-client-6.1.11 jupyter-core-4.7.0 jupyterlab-pygments-0.1.2 mccabe-0.6.1 mistune-0.8.4 multidict-5.1.0 mypy-0.790 mypy-extensions-0.4.3 nbclient-0.5.1 nbconvert-6.0.7 nbformat-5.1.2 nest-asyncio-1.4.3 numexpr-2.7.2 numpy-1.19.5 packaging-20.8 pandas-1.2.0 pandocfilters-1.4.3 plotly-4.14.3 pluggy-0.13.1 progressbar2-3.53.1 prompt-toolkit-3.0.10 py-1.10.0 py-find-1st-1.1.4 pyaml-20.4.0 pycares-3.1.1 pycodestyle-2.6.0 pycoingecko-1.4.0 pycparser-2.20 pydantic-1.7.3 pyflakes-2.2.0 pygments-2.7.4 pyjwt-2.0.1 pyparsing-2.4.7 pyrsistent-0.17.3 pytest-6.2.1 pytest-asyncio-0.14.0 pytest-cov-2.10.1 pytest-mock-3.5.1 pytest-random-order-1.0.4 python-dateutil-2.8.1 python-rapidjson-1.0 python-telegram-bot-13.1 python-utils-2.5.1 pytz-2020.5 pyzmq-21.0.1 questionary-1.9.0 requests-2.25.1 retrying-1.3.3 scikit-learn-0.24.0 scikit-optimize-0.8.1 scipy-1.6.0 sdnotify-0.3.2 six-1.15.0 starlette-0.13.6 tables-3.6.1 tabulate-0.8.7 testpath-0.4.4 threadpoolctl-2.1.0 toml-0.10.2 tornado-6.1 traitlets-5.0.5 typed-ast-1.4.2 typing-extensions-3.7.4.3 tzlocal-2.1 urllib3-1.26.2 uvicorn-0.13.3 wcwidth-0.2.5 webencodings-0.5.1 wrapt-1.12.1 yarl-1.1.0
Obtaining file:///home/black/freqtrade
Requirement already satisfied: ccxt>=1.24.96 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.40.74)
Requirement already satisfied: SQLAlchemy in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.3.22)
Requirement already satisfied: python-telegram-bot in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (13.1)
Requirement already satisfied: arrow>=0.17.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: cachetools in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (4.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: requests in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.25.1)
Requirement already satisfied: urllib3 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.26.2)
Requirement already satisfied: wrapt in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.12.1)
Requirement already satisfied: jsonschema in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: TA-Lib in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.4.19)
Requirement already satisfied: tabulate in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.8.7)
Requirement already satisfied: pycoingecko in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: py_find_1st in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.1.4)
Requirement already satisfied: python-rapidjson in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sdnotify in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.3.2)
Requirement already satisfied: colorama in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.4.4)
Requirement already satisfied: jinja2 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.11.2)
Requirement already satisfied: questionary in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: prompt-toolkit in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.0.10)
Requirement already satisfied: numpy in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.19.5)
Requirement already satisfied: pandas in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: tables in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.6.1)
Requirement already satisfied: blosc in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.10.1)
Requirement already satisfied: python-dateutil>=2.7.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from arrow>=0.17.0->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.8.1)
Requirement already satisfied: cryptography>=2.6.1 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.3.1)
Requirement already satisfied: aiohttp<3.8,>=3.7.2 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.7.3)
Requirement already satisfied: setuptools>=38.5.1 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (49.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: certifi>=2018.1.18 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2020.12.5)
Requirement already satisfied: aiodns<2.1,>=1.1.1 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: yarl==1.1.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: multidict>=4.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from yarl==1.1.0->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (5.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: idna>=2.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from yarl==1.1.0->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.10)
Requirement already satisfied: pycares>=3.0.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from aiodns<2.1,>=1.1.1->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: async-timeout<4.0,>=3.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from aiohttp<3.8,>=3.7.2->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.0.1)
Requirement already satisfied: typing-extensions>=3.6.5 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from aiohttp<3.8,>=3.7.2->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.7.4.3)
Requirement already satisfied: chardet<4.0,>=2.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from aiohttp<3.8,>=3.7.2->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.0.4)
Requirement already satisfied: attrs>=17.3.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from aiohttp<3.8,>=3.7.2->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (20.3.0)
Requirement already satisfied: six>=1.4.1 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from cryptography>=2.6.1->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.15.0)
Requirement already satisfied: cffi>=1.12 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from cryptography>=2.6.1->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.14.4)
Requirement already satisfied: pycparser in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from cffi>=1.12->cryptography>=2.6.1->ccxt>=1.24.96->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.20)
Requirement already satisfied: MarkupSafe>=0.23 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from jinja2->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (1.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pyrsistent>=0.14.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from jsonschema->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.17.3)
Requirement already satisfied: pytz>=2017.3 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from pandas->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2020.5)
Requirement already satisfied: wcwidth in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from prompt-toolkit->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (0.2.5)
Requirement already satisfied: tornado>=5.1 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from python-telegram-bot->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (6.1)
Requirement already satisfied: APScheduler==3.6.3 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from python-telegram-bot->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (3.6.3)
Requirement already satisfied: decorator>=4.4.0 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from python-telegram-bot->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (4.4.2)
Requirement already satisfied: tzlocal>=1.2 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from APScheduler==3.6.3->python-telegram-bot->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: numexpr>=2.6.2 in ./.env/lib/python3.8/site-packages (from tables->freqtrade===develop-86b3306a) (2.7.2)
Installing collected packages: freqtrade
  Running setup.py develop for freqtrade
Successfully installed freqtrade
pip install completed

-------------------------
Please use 'freqtrade new-config -c config.json' to generate a new configuration file.
-------------------------
-------------------------
Run the bot !
-------------------------
You can now use the bot by executing 'source .env/bin/activate; freqtrade <subcommand>'.
You can see the list of available bot sub-commands by executing 'source .env/bin/activate; freqtrade --help'.
You verify that freqtrade is installed successfully by running 'source .env/bin/activate; freqtrade --version'.

```

Author: when ta-lib was up to continue compilation i stopped it, to get this log,
but in fact that is it
afterwards there is only creating .venv, starting it, and running freqtrade

Reviewer: this is exactly my point with using the `./setup.sh` command - it'll install certain parts twice (ta-lib is installed once via conda, and once compiled from source).

In my opinion, replacing `./setup.sh -i` with something similar to `pip install -r requirements-dev.txt && pip install -e .` should solve this, as then  pip "should" detect and use the conda-version of ta-lib, which was installed before.

This would also make the conda-guide "os-independent"(ish) - as the `setup.sh` script does not work on windows (at least not outside of a wsl, which however is technically linux) - and i see the strongest usecase for conda on windows, as it'll simplify installation on windows a lot, while on *nix systems, it's "usually" not a huge problem to use the "regular" installation methods if you know the packages you're going to use.

------

## Conda (Miniconda or Anaconda)

Freqtrade can also be installed with Miniconda or Anaconda.
Conda is a package manager and virtual environment manager in one.
The purpose of installing Conda (Miniconda or Anaconda) is to automatically prepare and manage the extensive library dependencies of the Freqtrade program.

You can start with any clean distribution of Debian-based Linux distributions, which includes Ubuntu Linux.

> For other popular Linux distributions, see: https://distrowatch.com/ or https://www.ubuntupit.com/best-debian-based-linux-distributions/

Reviewer: I'd keep this whole documentation platform-independent.
The strength of Conda is to work the same way on all platforms - so the tutorial should also highlight this.

Author: OK

Shortly : Conda < Miniconda < Anaconda

https://www.dunderdata.com/blog/anaconda-is-bloated-set-up-a-lean-robust-data-science-environment-with-miniconda-and-conda-forge

The difference lies in the number of packages that need to be installed upfront: how heavy/light the installation is. Difference is like ~1:8. It is recommended to install Miniconda instead of Anaconda.

#### 1. Instal Conda

##### Download conda file:

installation file of chosen distribution you can find here

https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html

##### Verify file integrity with SHA256 checksum:

official SHA256 checksum can be found here

https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda_hashes.html

Navigate to the directory with your file, and run SHA256 checksum of your file, check with following command

```bash
sha256sum ./Miniconda3-number-of-the-package
```

both checksum suppose to match

##### Install conda:

While in directory with your file, install conda

```bash
bash ./Miniconda3-number-of-the-package
```

Confirm with yes all questions

After installation, it is mandatory to turn your terminal OFF and ON again.

> CTRL + D (close terminal), CTRL + ALT + T (open terminal)

Reviewer: Please link to the Anaconda / miniconta installation documentation instead of writing it down here.

A helper in "pick miniconda instead of conda" is ok - but there's no point in maintaining a seperate documentation for this - as it'll become outdated eventually, and it provides no benefit to the user.

Also, it makes this documentation WAY too long - if as a user, i see an install-instruction of this length, i'll immediately decide to use a different method, just based on the length of the instruction.

Author: Conda head `### What is conda` is changed. 
`#### 1. Instal Conda` is changed as well, according to your style, is much shorter now

#### 2. Prepare Conda environment

enter the conda base environment:

```bash
conda activate base
```

If you want, you can prevent the (base) conda environment from being activated automatically as well.

```bash
conda config --set auto_activate_base false

> ```

Reviewer: This seems to be very platform specific - under windows, you can open the conda prompt and base is activated immediately.

Again (as above), this will be in the conda docs, so no point in repeating this here.
Please keep it to a minimum, assuming the user is familiar with conda already.

Author: Script is changed a bit. 
I would rather not assume that everybody knows conda,

Reviewer: neither would i :) 
i'm sure conda has a nice "getting started" documentation where people can learn how to use it, and which is maintained and curated by the experts in using conda.

Author: And to this place, our documentation can refer, 
and can also strengthen the focus on certain paragraphs.

```

You can check the status of conda with the following code.

```bash
conda info
conda config --show channels
conda config --show channel_priority
```

#### 3. Freqtrade Conda Environment

Now you have conda, but only base environment,

```bash# download freqtrade
conda env list
```

It is time to setup environment of the Freqtrade itself:

Conda `create` command, installs all nested dependencies, for the selected libraries automatically

general structure of installation command is:

```bash
conda create -n [name of the environment] [python version] [packages]
```

so it can be

```bash
conda create -n freqtrade-conda python=3.8 pandas numpy ta-lib git wheel virtualenv
```

or if you expect, to use later jupiter for [data-analysis](data-analysis.md), use

```bash
conda create -n freqtrade-jupyter-conda python=3.8 pandas numpy ta-lib git wheel virtualenv jupyter
```

the same works for [docker](docker.md), for spyder and other useful programs.

Further read on the topic:

https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-conda-environments-bc6180fc533?gi=1db972389cd1

https://metager.de/meta/meta.ger3?eingabe=ardsdatascience+guide+to+conda+environment

> !!! NOTE:
> It may happen that creating a new Conda environment, populated with selected packages at the moment of creation, takes less time than installing a large, heavy dependent package into the old environment,
> takes less time than installing a large, heavy dependent package into the old environment.

Reviewer: Using Notes requires a very specific syntax, otherwise it'll fail to render

```suggestion
!!! Note
    It may happen that creating a new Conda environment, populated with selected packages at the moment of creation, takes less time than installing a large, heavy dependent package into the old environment, takes less time than installing a large, heavy dependent package into the old environment.
```

Author: Thanks, it is corrected now.

##### Enter/exit freqtrade-conda venv:

to enter choosen conda environment

```bash
conda activate freqtrade-conda

```

to exit conda environment

```bash
conda deactivate						
```

#### 4. Freqtrade Instalation

Within the newly created freqtrade-conda environment, download and install Freqtrade. To process --install command, may take a few minutes

```bash
# download freqtrade
git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git

# enter downloaded directory 'freqtrade'
cd freqtrade      

# run setup
./setup.sh --install                                        
```

Create virtual environment (yes, python3-venv environment, inside conda-environment), where Freqtrade program can run.

Running python3-venv seems to be requirement of the Freqtrade program itself.

```bash
# create venv environment, inside hidden directory /freqtrede/.env
python3 -m venv ./.env/

# run the python3-venv environment
source ./.env/bin/activate

> 

Reviewer: This is plain wrong. 
when you use a conda environment, you cannot use the setup.sh script.

You can however install directly via `pip install -r requirements.txt && pip install -e .`

Author: Yes, in conda, `./setup.sh --install` works perfectly,
provided documentation is provided right.

During `conda create -n ..` it is important to provide important packages which cover dependencies, 
then `pip install -r requirements.txt` will install nothing 
`pip install -e .` brings part of one dependency (out of dozens)

Also, according to the documentation, pip should be used as little as possible inside conda, which is mentioned in one of the `!!! Note:`

With all respect, I would change here nothing.

Reviewer: but there is no point in using the setup script when you use conda.

It's mixing conda with virtualenv, which the conda documentation recommends against.
I am sure it works fine for you, but we'll not have documentation that's contradicting to the official docs.

Author: `conda documentation recommends against` - could you please double check it?

Conda documentation nowhere is against mixing conda and venv.
There is offcial conda package for that
https://anaconda.org/anaconda/virtualenv

You know freqtrade program best, 
could you please explain, how  `./setup.sh --install` would go into conflict with conda?

To make it clear, approach in the documentation is as below:
1.Install Conda
2.Prepare Freqtrade-Conda environment, where most of the libraries are covered upfront
3.Turn on Freqtrade-Conda environment
4.Inside do  `./setup.sh --install`
5.Turn on p3-venv
6.Run freqtrade
7.Viola

Reviewer: it can go into conflicts if you start combining packages from both sources.
Say you update numpy (installed via conda) - but you don't update pandas (installed via pip).

You can end up with bad dependencies, sometimes the dependency check will flat out fail.

soures for this:
[conda ](https://www.anaconda.com/blog/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment)
[stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56134588/is-that-a-bad-idea-to-use-conda-and-pip-install-on-the-same-environment#:~:text=Don't%20mix%20conda%20install%20and%20pip%20install%20within%20conda%20environment.&text=Conda%20installs%20various%20(not%20only,virtualenv%20is%20one%20of%20them).)

I do have bad experiences with this (dependencies breaking) - so i will NOT document this as part of freqtrade unless anaconda RECOMMENDS doing this (which they don't).

---

If we recommend to use `./setup.sh --install` also with conda, then this whole guide is pointless and we can simply say something around "please install conda based on the installation guide - activate base, then run `./setup.sh --install`.

it's using a virtual env - there would be no point in creating a conda environment, you can create the virtual env out of base.

---

I understand this process CAN work - and it did work for you.
But please also understand that by including this as official install instruction in the documentation, we'll need to support it if it causes problems (which in my experience, it will).

Author: With such a clear answer, if I understand it right, there is no choice, but to abandon the path of including the conda path,  in the official freqtrade documentation, that has been invented and revealed above.

Thereby it might be the right thing to do to completely remove the traces of Conda from the documentation. if the clearest way is not sufficient.

Is topic closed, or there is anything relevant to add?

============

In due time, I intend to take a look at the existing documentation, because of the internal problems:

docs/docker_quickstart.md
there are fundamental deficiencies that do not allow the installation to be completed following the documentation.

docs/configuration.md
It currently covers a broad spectrum of activities, but lacks the structure and transparency

Reviewer: > With such a clear answer, if I understand it right, there is no choice, but to abandon the path of including the conda path, in the official freqtrade documentation, that has been invented and revealed above.

Well, conda itself says that this way can be problematic (see source above) - so as said, it CAN work - but it may also fail (especially if people think "oh, i got a conda instance, so letme install dependency X via conda" - after which you may end up with 2 (different) pandas versions installed for example). 

If you know what to do with conda, what to avoid, i'm sure it can work just fine - but keeping in mind that 80-90% of freqtrade users are non-technical, i see this as problematic - as it'll then be up to the freqtrade team to deal with issues of people which "follow the documentation - which suggested this - and now you tell me it's not working if i also do this what i found on ...".

most of what you did is fine - but i disagree on using the setup script, but instead installing freqtrade directly in the conda environment. This will cause less problem as it's not a virtualenv nested in a conda environment.
Technically, you could also create a virtualenv, activate it, and create another virtualenv within that ... but WHY? you are in a virtualenv already - and this guide does the same, but with a conda environment at the outer layer.

While the pip vs. conda problem can still appear - it's less problematic than creating a virtualenv within a virtual env - simply because it's unnecessary.

Conda setup is not that much different to the  [custom installation docs](https://www.freqtrade.io/en/latest/installation/#custom-installation) - except that you use `conda create -n freqtradeenv` instead of `python -m venv .env`.

---

> In due time, I intend to take a look at the existing documentation, because of the internal problems:

Feel free to do so, but while improving the documentation, keep in mind that it's already too large / long, and we should shorten it if possible, not make it even longer - as that will  lead to people losing interrest in reading it.

> there are fundamental deficiencies that do not allow the installation to be completed following the documentation.

You will not learn everything - but that's not the point, running the commands from top to bottom will get you a setup freqtrade docker instance running the sample strategy. 
We will however not go into detail on HOW to install docker (or how docker works). That's what the docker documentation is for.
Please open an issue about it if you are having problems with it so we can look where it goes wrong for you (this may avoid investing time trying to improve this, while it's not broken). I've just gone through these points again and they do work just fine and got the SampleStrategy setup correctly.

>docs/configuration.md
> It currently covers a broad spectrum of activities, but lacks the structure and transparency

Yes, everything that's a config option is "somehow" thrown in there ... I'm trying to clean it up from time to time, but i don't disagree that it's way too long, and some parts could be split out in subpages.

Author: ##### conda vs venv:

my handling of their functions is that conda, would install libraries and clear path for dependencies - shortly : even ground and prepare territory where freqtrade will work. Remember, i had this dependency issue on 'random' linux distributions.

venv on the other had provide solution for this 

```bash
bash: freqtrade: command not found
```

and that is the only purpose it serves

##### conda vs pip:

 "oh, i got a conda instance, so letme install dependency X via conda"
 this point could be clearly explained in the documentation, so someone who would go through it, would no had chance to miss it.
 
 ~ "You install other libraries on your own responsibility!"

##### Docker:
I cannot learn everything, but this i could. There gonna be day for that, so then we can talk. 
So far, without experience reference points, I see, that documentation step by step doesn't work for me.

##### Config:
This has to be formed in my head. When accomplished, i would share it in separate thread

Reviewer: > I see, that documentation step by step doesn't work for me.

I've just seen your issue (#4220). It's a Network problem with your docker daemon - you'll also have trouble downloading any other image. This is however not something we can or will explain in the freqtrade docs. Then it would be 1000nds of pages, should we want to cover these issues.

You can encounter the same with conda - but we'll also not explain how to properly configure a proxy, or fix why your network cable is broken. It's simply out of scope for this project's documentation.

Author: Let me dig thought it by myself,
if after homework i will have the question though, i would ask

# install last required package            
pip install -e .						
```

##### pip install within conda, a reminder:

The documentation of conda says that pip should NOT be used within conda, because internal problems can occur.
However, they are rare

That is, why the conda-forge channel is preferred: (and if no library is available in conda, you have to use pip)

* more libraries are available (less need for pip)
* conda-forge works better with pip
* the libraries are newer

#### 5. You are ready

You are ready to run, create the user directory and configuration file, run the program dry to verify that everything is working, and run a backtest to double check.

```bash
freqtrade create-userdir --userdir user_data
freqtrade new-config --config config.json
freqtrade download-data -t 5m 15m 1h --days 100
freqtrade trade --strategy SampleStrategy  
freqtrade backtesting -s SampleStrategy

> ```

Reviewer: Personally, i'd only keep the first 2 commands here.

The rest needs more consideration / explanation - it may seem to work like this from a technical point of view, but considering new users (the main audience of a install documentation) this is highly misleading.

consider users which will throw money at this without having developed their strategy yet - and sampleStrategy is not really made to trade right away ...

Author: OK

important shortcuts

```bash
# activate base environment
conda activate

# activate freqtrade-conda environment
conda activate freqtrade-conda

#deactivate any conda environments
conda deactivate

# list installed conda environments
conda env list

# activation/deactivate the venv

> source ./.env/bin/activate

Reviewer: I think nesting a virtual env within a conda installation is screaming loud for problems. See above as to why this is not necessary.

Author: Nesting won't make problems, so far as you run run them in sequence.

At the same time, i found that freqtrade, may have some problems, if one not run it in python3-vevn. 
I would keep it based on my experience. But lets keep this open.

In whatever way, if you will confirm to delete it, i would check it again, and let you know what is the outcome.

Reviewer: that's the point - running them in sequence (and also not breaking the sequence later by installing something with conda, which may or may not be present in the virtual environment already).

It's easy if you're used to working with conda - can be difficult for a user not used to working with conda - as you google "how to install X with conda" - and the first command that pops up is `conda install X` (maybe with --channel, depending on the dependency ....).

Author: Like i really think that, the only way to cover it, is to be very clear in Documentation, there is no other (and simple) way. What is alternative - writing protection plugins, that will defend those without possibility to follow installation steps, they have to follow anyways to finish installation? 

I firmly believe, that this documentation can be write clear enough, that person with middle comprehension capabilities would understood it clearly, but unfortunately so far i cannot stretch more.

> *To edit the config please refer to [Bot Configuration](configuration.md).*

#### Run the Bot

If this is the first time you run the bot, ensure you are running it in Dry-run `"dry_run": true,` otherwise it will start to buy and sell coins.

```bash
freqtrade trade -c config.json
```

#### Problem?

Check if your virtual environment is activated

```bash
source ./.env/bin/activate
```

> 

Reviewer: The title of this suggests that this is the only problem that can occur - which it definitely isn't.

This is one problem (the easiest to solve) - but there's many others - by naming this section "problem?" you suggest that this will always help...

Author: OK

#### (Optional) Post-installation Tasks

*Note*: If you run the bot on a server, you should consider using [Docker](docker.md) or a terminal multiplexer like `screen` or [`tmux`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tmux) to avoid that the bot is stopped on logout.

On Linux with software suite `systemd`, as an optional post-installation task, you may wish to setup the bot to run as a `systemd service` or configure it to send the log messages to the `syslog`/`rsyslog` or `journald` daemons. See [Advanced Logging](advanced-setup.md#advanced-logging) for details.

------

## Installation with Conda (Miniconda or Anaconda)

Freqtrade can also be installed with Miniconda or Anaconda. Conda will automatically prepare and manage the extensive library-dependencies of the Freqtrade program.

##### What is Conda?

It is: (1) package, (2) dependency and (3) environment management for any programming language : https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/index.html

> Shortly : Conda < Miniconda < Anaconda. Check : https://linuxnetmag.com/miniconda-vs-anaconda/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortly: Conda < Miniconda < Anaconda. Check this comparing [article](https://linuxnetmag.com/miniconda-vs-anaconda/) for more details.
```

Author: OK

> It is recommended to install Miniconda, not Anaconda. The difference between both lies in the amount of packages that would be installed upfront. Difference in weight is around like 1:8 : https://www.dunderdata.com/blog/anaconda-is-bloated-set-up-a-lean-robust-data-science-environment-with-miniconda-and-conda-forge

Reviewer: to be honest, reading this with the mind of a new user getting started with freqtrade, i find having 3-4 links to some conda articles very distracting (am i supposed to read this to understand freqtrade, or how to run freqtrade? is this just additional information i don't really need?) 

I'd limit this to a minimum, and only if really necessary. 
Here, we could for example say:
`"We recommend using Miniconda as it's installation footprint is smaller."` - The final decision is left to the user if he really cares - but we're also not distracting him from progressing in this guide.

Author: Its gone

> #### Instal Conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Install Conda
```

Author: OK

[Installing on linux](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html#install-linux-silent)

[Installing on windows](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/windows.html)

Answer all questions. After installation, it is mandatory to turn your terminal OFF and ON again.

#### Prepare Conda environment

##### Change the channels with upgrades:

After opening terminal, you already will be in default `base` conda environment

If you want, you can prevent the (base) conda environment from being activated automatically.

```bash
conda config --set auto_activate_base false
```

Channel `conda-forge` is supposingly best source of the conda updates. Switch to it

```bash    
# adding forge
conda config --env --add channels conda-forge

# make it strict
conda config --env --set channel_priority strict 	
```

You can check the status of conda with the following code.

```bash
conda info
conda config --show channels
conda config --show channel_priority
```

Further read on the topic:

> https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-conda-environments-bc6180fc533?gi=1db972389cd1

Reviewer: I don't think most of this section is needed when using `environment.yml`.
We're changing the global conda config, which is unnecessary (and may even break other environments that are already installed - assuming they got conflicting packages in conda-forge).

I've just installed a fresh miniconda version, and ONLY ran the below command (`conda env create -n freqtrade-conda -f environment.yml`) - and it installed just fine (since we have the conda-forge channel in the environment file, it's doing what it's supposed to).

After that, i can enter the environment `conda activate freqtrade-conda`) - and freqtrade was available and installed.

Author: I have rearranged it a little, but not much deleted yet

#### Freqtrade download

Download and install freqtrade.

```bash
# download freqtrade
git clone https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade.git

# enter downloaded directory 'freqtrade'
cd freqtrade      
```

#### Freqtrade install : Conda Environment

Prepare conda-freqtrade environment, using file `environment.yml`, which exist in main freqtrade directory

```bash
conda env create -n freqtrade-conda -f environment.yml
```

##### Enter/exit freqtrade-conda venv:

To check available environments, type

```bash
conda env list
```

Enter installed environment

```bash
# enter conda environment
conda activate freqtrade-conda

> # exit - dont do it now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# exit - don't do it now
```

Author: OK
